---
layout: post
title: "2020-06-06 SMWS"
date: 2020-06-06 19:00:00
tags: [events]
share: y
disqus: y
image:
  src: /images/2014-10/header.png
  desc: Whisky Tasting - Scotch Malt Whisky Society (SMWS)
---

Saturday, June 6, 2020 tasting:
Scotch Malt Whisky Society cask strength whiskies

Tickets on sale Tuesday, May 19, 2020 at 2:00 PM through whiskydev.tickit.ca.
Choose your pickup/delivery preference in addition to your ticket!

Adam Bradshaw, SMWS Ambassador and Strath Liquor Store whisky buyer, will take us through 6 special cask-strength whiskies from the Scotch Malt Whisky Society: an independent bottler who buys and bottles the best from 140+ distilleries, and sells these rare, carefully curated cask-strength whiskies exclusively to their members around the world in monthly outturns.

Details
Online event. Zoom link and further details to follow in an email closer to the event.

1. Whiskies to be picked up (Vic West or Esquimalt) or delivered (within Victoria/within reason) after May 28. Choose one of the pickup/delivery items at checkout in addition to your ticket. We'll be in touch afterward to confirm times/locations.
2. 6:30 PM Zoom available for chat and testing. Provide your own welcome dram (usually a little bit of light beer or whisky, to prime your palate). 
3. 7:00 PM presentation start. We'll have time to chat and ponder our whiskies, in Zoom breakout rooms. Zoom will remain open after the presentation for chats and questions (provide your own post-tasting drinks though!).
4. Prepare your own glassware. Though we'll be delivering whiskies in small bottles, whisky tastings usually use Glencairns or ISO wine tasting glasses. These feature a bulbous body shape which allows aromas to collect and direct through a narrow rim. Separate glasses are recommended for each whisky or at least do a quick rinse+dry between whiskies!

Questions? 
contact@whiskydev.com or message us in whiskydev.slack.com.

Become a WhiskyDev member!
Support more/better whiskies, be part of exclusive events, and get a new stemless WhiskyDev Glencairn glass! Add to your cart at whiskydev.tickit.ca when you grab your event tickets and we can deliver along with your whiskies!

Our goal is to offer you a comfortable community to learn more about whisky and pick up on new favourites and flavours, while connecting and sharing with other people in Victoria's tech industry.

- There are a limited number of tickets, so grab your tickets quick!
- Reach out via [Slack][4] or contact us at <a href="mailto:contact@whiskydev.com">contact@whiskydev.com</a> if you have any questions.
- The tasting goes from 7:00-10:00, and you are wecome to stay and chat after the event.
- Our goal is to offer you the opportunity to learn more about whisky and pick up on new favourites and flavours while connecting with other technical people and sharing your passions. We want it to be a comfortable place where you meet other programmers, learn what else is being worked on in Victoria, and pick up on some cool new technologies.
- No refunds.
- By purchasing a ticket you agree to not drive a motor vehicle after the event.
- By purchasing a ticket you agree to (and are subject to) our <a href="https://github.com/WhiskyDev/whiskydev.github.io/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md">Community Agreement/Code of Conduct</a>.


Cheers,

Whisky Oriented Development
(Graham B, Hez R, Jay P, Jeff G, and Jen G)



[1]: /tickets/
[3]: /subscribe/
[4]: https://whiskydev.slack.com/
[5]: http://facebook.com/whiskydev
[6]: http://twitter.com/whiskydev
