---
layout: post
title: "Finishes"
date: 2020-03-28 10:00:00
tags: [events]
share: y
disqus: y
image:
  src: /images/2014-10/header.png
  desc: Whisky Tasting - Finishes
---

We'll see you on **April 18, 2020** for our next **Finishes** tasting a slightly different than normal event. In advance you will receive your 5 whiskies. You will need to setup your own glassware as you desire and we will be presenting the content to you via a Zoom meeting but we will otherwise try to duplicate a 'normal' WhiskyDev event.
This WhiskyDev tasting will focus on finishes - how aging whisky in an additional cask before bottling affects the base whisky.
Wanna join? Tickets are on sale NOW through our our Tickets page.
Tickets to go **on sale Saturday, March 28 at 8:30AM** at [whiskydev.com/tickets][1]. Set your reminders and/or watch [Slack][4], [Facebook][5], or [Twitter][6].

Please answer the pickup/delivery question at checkout; we'll be in touch with you via the email provided on the ticket or via Slack to work out pickup details. Pickup will be available in Vic West or Esquimalt, or we can chat about options (contact@whiskydev.com)
Cheers. :)

- There are a limited number of tickets, so grab your tickets quick!
- Reach out via [Slack][4] or contact us at <a href="mailto:contact@whiskydev.com">contact@whiskydev.com</a> if you have any questions.
- The tasting goes from 7:00-10:00, and you are wecome to stay and chat after the event.
- Our goal is to offer you the opportunity to learn more about whisky and pick up on new favourites and flavours while connecting with other technical people and sharing your passions. We want it to be a comfortable place where you meet other programmers, learn what else is being worked on in Victoria, and pick up on some cool new technologies.
- No refunds.
- By purchasing a ticket you agree to not drive a motor vehicle after the event.
- By purchasing a ticket you agree to (and are subject to) our <a href="https://github.com/WhiskyDev/whiskydev.github.io/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md">Community Agreement/Code of Conduct</a>.

Slainté!

[1]: /tickets/
[3]: /subscribe/
[4]: https://whiskydev.slack.com/messages/general/
[5]: http://facebook.com/whiskydev
[6]: http://twitter.com/whiskydev
