---
layout: post
title: "Devine Distillery"
date: 2021-11-20 13:30:00
tags: [events]
share: y
disqus: y
image:
  src: /images/2014-10/header.png
  desc: Whisky Tasting - Devine Distillery
---

Saturday, November 20, 2021 tasting:
Devine Whiskies

Tickets on sale Thursday, November 4, 2021 at 09:00 through [whiskydev.tickit.ca][1].
Choose your pickup/delivery preference in addition to your ticket!

Many BC distilleries are coming into their own in recent years, and one of the finest local examples of this is DEVINE Distillery. Formerly DeVine Winery and Distillery, DEVINE is moving into a spirits-focused business though they've already been iterating on traditional and non-traditional whisky grains, methods, and finishes for the several years and winning many whisky awards throughout!

We're bringing you 8 drams (a bonus pre-tasting spirit + 7 whiskies (some old, some new, and some rare)) featuring distiller Kevin Titcomb + Brunhilde the still... and the usual excellent conversation with you and the Vic tech community.

Get In!
- Tickets on sale Thursday, November 4, 2021 at 09:00 through [whiskydev.tickit.ca].
- This event is online -- we'll need to get you the whiskies! Be sure to make a pickup selection when purchasing your ticket, or contact us to make arrangements (whiskydev.slack.com or contact@whiskydev.com are ideal, though we are technically on Facebook).
- We'll have a presentation but lots of time to chat in Zoom rooms too. 
- There are a limited number of tickets, so grab your tickets quick!

**Details**

Online event. Zoom link and further details to follow in an email closer to the event.

1. Get your whiskies: It is preferred that you arrange pick-up from us (Vic West near Tyee/Esquimalt Roads, or Esquimalt near the Red Barn) after November 11th; some deliveries are available. Choose one of the pickup/delivery items at checkout in addition to your ticket. We'll be in touch afterward to confirm times/locations, or please contact us to discuss options!  

2. Beforehand: 
a) Prepare your own glassware. Though we'll be delivering whiskies in small bottles you can drink from if you like, whisky tastings usually use Glencairn or ISO wine tasting glasses for a reason! These feature a bulbous body shape which allows aromas to collect and direct through a narrow rim. Separate glasses are recommended for each whisky -- or at least do a quick rinse+dry between whiskies!
b) Plan a good meal beforehand. Not too spicy or garlicky, to leave your palate ready for the fine flavours.  Similar snacks like sourdough bread, oat crackers, or mild cheese can pair well.

3.  Be there: 6:30 PM Zoom will become available for chat and testing. Provide your own welcome dram (usually a little bit of light beer or whisky, to prime your palate).  At 7:00 PM we'll welcome everyone in the Zoom and get started with the presentation and conversation.

**Questions?**

[contact@whiskydev.com][3] or message us in [whiskydev.slack.com][2].

**Become a WhiskyDev member!**

Support more/better whiskies, be part of exclusive events, and get a new stemless WhiskyDev Glencairn glass! Add to your cart at [whiskydev.tickit.ca][1] when you grab your event tickets and we can deliver along with your whiskies!

Our goal is to offer you a comfortable community to learn more about whisky and pick up on new favourites and flavours, while connecting and sharing with other people in Victoria's tech industry.

- There are a limited number of tickets, so grab your tickets quick!
- Our goal is to offer you the opportunity to learn more about whisky and pick up on new favourites and flavours while connecting with other technical people and sharing your passions. We want it to be a comfortable place where you meet other programmers, learn what else is being worked on in Victoria, and pick up on some cool new technologies.
- No refunds.
- By purchasing a ticket you agree to not drive a motor vehicle after the event.
- By purchasing a ticket you agree to (and are subject to) our [Community Agreement/Code of Conduct][5].

Cheers,

Whisky Oriented Development
(Graham B, Hez R, Jay P, Jeff G, and Jen G)

[1]: https://whiskydev.tickit.ca
[2]: https://whiskydev.slack.com/
[3]: mailto:contact@whiskydev.com
[4]: https://www.facebook.com/whiskydev
[5]: https://github.com/WhiskyDev/whiskydev.github.io/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md
